# Blockchain-based-SQL-Injection-Prevention
Developed a mechanism to detect and prevent SQL Injection happening at application level using Blockchain technology features like distributed storage, cryptographic encryption etc. Mechanism include Pattern Analysis, Behavior Analysis to detect and Parameterized Query to prevent.
In the digital era, data security plays a pivotal role as more and more digitization happens. This paper addresses one such issue of data security in banking application from threats like SQL Injection and provides a method to prevent it. There are existing methods such as input validation, confirm password etc to tackle SQL injection attack and also significant research has taken place to explore preventive measures and innovative technologies, including blockchain integration. This paper deals with detection and prevention of SQL injection happening on a bank application at the application layer i.e. the user interface. To safeguard the personal information of customers in the banking applications from injection threats and other exploitations, the paper uses an architecture which uses blockchain technology that is integrated with a centralized database. The main contributions of this paper involves Integration of Centralized Database namely User Table containing general information to Blockchain Database namely Hidden Table containing confidential information, Encrypted storing of user’s banking information into database using Custom Fuzzy Hash Mechanism, Detection Mechanism using String Matching Pattern Analysis Mechanism and Behavioural Analysis Mechanism, Prevention Mechanism using Parameterized Queries and Edge Computing implementation using Data Validation at End Node and Data Processing on Edge Node. The proposed method contributes significantly to the field of cyber security and utilizes the core principles of blockchain technology such as distributed storage, cryptographic encryption, immutability, data security etc in detection and prevention mechanisms. In essence, this project represents a significant step towards realizing the potential of blockchain technology in terms of data security while ensuring the protection of sensitive and critical information from evolving cybersecurity threats.
